feat: enable report generation (#8)
asyncapi/optimizer: README.md

> # optimizer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Optimizer
```

> AsyncAPI offers many ways to reuse certain parts of the document like messages or schemas definitions or references to external files, not to even mention the traits. There is a need for a tool that can be plugged into any workflows and optimize documents that are generated from code, but not only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AsyncAPI offers many ways to reuse certain parts of the document like messages or schemas definitions or references to external files, not to even mention the traits. Purpose of **AsyncAPI Optimizer** is to enable different ways to optimize AsyncAPI files. It is a library that can be used in UIs and CLIs.
```

## Testing
1) Clone the project
  `git https://github.com/asyncapi/optimizer.git`
2) Install the dependencies
  `npm i`

> 3) open the `index.ts` file and add your testing code before export.

Reviewer: Imho it is not a good way of testing the library, to tell the user to close and edit the main source code.  
I would just remove this section and instead using examples from Usage section, create `index.js` file in `examples` directory. And create an npm script that I can call to run the example, like `asyncapi run example` and then in readme you can just have a clear information that you can quickly check the library by running the example, and that user can modify the example and put their file as an input.

Author: @derberg done.

# optimizer

> AsyncAPI offers many ways to reuse certain parts of the document like messages or schemas definitions or references to external files, not to even mention the traits. There is a need for a tool that can be plugged into any workflows and optimize documents that are generated from code, but not only.

Reviewer 2: You have bug in the Readme.md because you show the unoptimized do - you have still duplicated:

```yaml
          - headers:
              type: object
              properties:
                my-app-header:
                  type: integer
                  minimum: 0
                  maximum: 100
```

You wrote in the PR description:

> only report generation for reuseComponents is implemented (report generation code for removeComponents and moveToComponents will be added in separate PRs).

so probably I don't understand something, or we truly have bug in Readme.md

            lumens:
              type: integer
              minimum: 0
            #full form is used, we can ref it to: #/components/schemas/sentAt
            sentAt:
              $ref: "#/components/schemas/sentAt"

  smartylighting/action/{streetlightId}/turn/on:
    parameters:
      streetlightId:
        $ref: "#/components/schemas/streetlightId"
    publish:
      operationId: turnOn
      traits:
        - bindings:
            kafka:
              clientId: my-app-id
      message:
        name: turnOnOff
        title: Turn on/off
        traits:
          - headers:
              type: object
              properties:
                my-app-header:
                  type: integer
                  minimum: 0
                  maximum: 100
        payload:
          type: object
          properties:
            sentAt:
              $ref: "#/components/schemas/sentAt"

components:
  parameters:
    streetlightId:
      schema:
      type: string
  schemas:
    #this schema is ref-ed in one channel and used full form in another. library should be able to identify and ref the second channel as well.
    sentAt:
      type: string
      format: date-time`
 */
```

> ## API

Author: No, it is not generated. I will definitely look into it in a separate PR.

> ## API

Reviewer 2: Yeah, leave it for the followup PR :)
